New links added for reference on SMTP connection (#4851)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/smtp-email.rst

Checking your SMTP server is reachable 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> -  Attempt to telnet to the email service to make sure the server is reachable.For reference checkout https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mail-flow/test-smtp-with-telnet?view=exchserver-2019 

Reviewer: Thank you for adding a reference link to help readers understand how to complete this step. Given that this article is specific to Microsoft Exchange 2019 servers, it may be too specific a reference to provide that may not be applicable to a wide enough audience. @justinegeffen - What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Agreed. This could cause the reader frustration by clicking through to an irrelevant article. However, all the links I've tested default to ending with "view=exchserver-2019" as that's the most recent version. 

I propose rewording this sentence to:

"For reference checkout https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mail-flow/test-smtp-with-telnet?view=exchserver-2019. If you're using an earlier version that 2019, select that version from the drop-down menu at the top of the left-hand navigation."

Author: updated .Thanks @justinegeffen

> -  Attempt to telnet to the email service to make sure the server is reachable.For reference checkout https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mail-flow/test-smtp-with-telnet?view=exchserver-2019 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Attempt to Telnet to the email service to make sure the server is reachable. For additional information, visit https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/mail-flow/test-smtp-with-telnet?view=exchserver-2019. If you're using an earlier version than Exchange Server 2019, select your version from the left-hand navigation menu.
```

.. note::
   

>    For further assistance, review the `Troubleshooting forum <https://forum.mattermost.org/c/trouble-shoot>`__ for previously reported errors, or `join the Mattermost user community for troubleshooting help <https://mattermost.com/ask-mattermost-community>`_. To submit an improvement or correction to this page, click **Edit** in the top-right corner of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For further assistance, review the `Troubleshooting forum <https://forum.mattermost.org/c/trouble-shoot>`__ for previously reported errors, or `join the Mattermost user community for troubleshooting help <https://mattermost.com/ask-mattermost-community>`__. To submit an improvement or correction to this page, select **Edit** in the top-right corner of the page.
```
